Minio replacement docs (#186)
federated-research/docs: website/pages/submission/deploy.mdx

- `ServiceStack/compose-manifests/applications/submission-layer.yml` which defines the Submission Layer services, i.e., Submission API, Submission GUI.
- `ServiceStack/compose-manifests/shared/platform.yml` which defines the platform services, i.e., PostgreSQL, Adminer, Serilog, RabbitMQ.
- `ServiceStack/compose-manifests/shared/auth.yml` which defines the authentication services, i.e., Keycloak. This is optional and only needed if you want to use Keycloak for authentication internally within the Submission Layer.

  <Callout>
    If you don't want to use a built-in Keycloak service, remove the line
    `../../ServiceStack/compose-manifests/shared/auth.yml` in the
    `docker-compose.yml` file and remove the `keycloak` dependency in the
    `s3-submission.yml` file.
  </Callout>

- `ServiceStack/compose-manifests/storage/s3-submission.yml` which defines the Submission Layer's S3 server.
  <Callout type="info">
    If the option `Login with KeyCloak` couldn't be shown in the login protal of
    RustFS, check health of the KeyCloak server and try restarting the RustFS

>     container by the command `docker compose restart rustfs_submission`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If the `Login with KeyCloak` option is not available in the RustFS login portal,
    check the health of the KeyCloak server and restart the RustFS
    container using the following command: `docker compose restart rustfs_submission`.
```
